# Phrase Processor

In this project, I created an ArrayList to store several phrases entered by the user. The program starts with a message asking the user to enter a phrase. If the user enters any numerals or the characters "@" or "#", there is a message saying the characters are invalid. I verify if there are any numbers using a regex to scan the string. The phrase will only be added to the ArrayList if none of these characters are present. Additionaly, the program will only continue if the ArrayList is not empty. That is, the user must enter at least one valid phrase for the program to continue.

If the ArrayList is not empty, the program will prompt options for the user to choose. The user must enter a number corresponding to the chosen option. The block that validates the option is surrounded with try/catch to guarantee that the value entered will be a number.

If the user enters number 3, the program ends with the message "End of program". Otherwise, the **cont** variable, which is of type boolean, receives the value "true" and the while loop begins. While the **cont** variable is set with the value "true", that is, while the user enters any option other than 3, the loop continues.

Once inside the while loop, there's a constant verification of the option the user is entering. If the user enters option 1, it is asked to enter a phrase and that same verification is made the same way it was made earlier. If the user enters option 2, it is prompted a message asking the user to enter a snippet to make the search, that can be a simple word or more. After receiving the entry of the user, I created a for statement that searches the ArrayList, comparing the snippet to each position of the ArrayList, all converted to lower case. If the phrase contains the snippet, the phrase is added to a new ArrayList that stores the phrases found. There's also a boolean variable that verifies if that ArrayList was fullfilled, and if it was, the variable is set to "true".
